hello guys is chris here and welcome to
my biggest pink slips ever more of a
wager than a pink said I don't really
know what's caller when it sort of a
mutual pink slip today I am going to
pick slipping a legend no no no I said I
said legend I meant a card an Altima
team of a legend you're still here why
I'm just kidding guys
the real legend with Pink's living today
is Pascal so fucking hot but this
youtuber go and touch me through Twitter
his name is list Claude Crum and first
of all he said do you want to have a
wager of inform Hulk and I was just like
mate mate done it before been there done
there for the tip no no I'm not I'm not
saying that so anyway in from Hulk
wasn't big enough for me I said no go
come back with a better offer stick in
form Hulk right up your we're doing a
wager pink slips whatever you want to
call it of the legend card it soggy and
if you guys want to be involved in one
of these pink slips or range of videos
make sure to follow my twitter the link
will be in description below go follow
me cuz that's where I'll announce
everything annual gets here my hilarious
jokes Archbishop of ban debris they call
me the Joker as well as dick face that
spinner to run around a bit and also if
you guys are looking to buy some also
with Team Coins make sure check out by
to fifa coins calm link in description
below as always very cheap reliable
service make sure to go check them out
for a cheap prices at the moment so I've
just made this team and this is the team
I'm going to play him with I might just
sit back a bit as feeling quite humid
around this kind of area at the moment
hey hey sweaty look at its sweat water
sweaty tea that is even I'm I'm
disgusted and myself let's get onto this
make sure to check on my opponents
channel his link will be in description
below so go on over and check out his
channel he's a FIFA channel check about
right he's here I'm getting very tired I
need to stay awake is the biggest wager
I've ever done
no that's malapa and someone isn't it I
hate them do what is that
I played me for a few days known already
[Music]
bollocks
what happened
I can grip my controllers I'm sweating
so much I'm such a clunker playing
finish come on yes is one all it's like
five minutes
oh what a game this could be very oh
come on oh that's great finish oh I'm so
glad we're back in it or or what losers
depend on mate mate mate mate finish oh
my lord water go beyond you absolute
legend of fecal matter have I just said
that or that's not in reference to
escape it just it just gonna came out Oh
Mike you're on gold
go on yes you're in finish
get there come on biryani how how damn
it
David stop it oh no no it no he has not
no I have not this this game is too much
I'm just too good on time that's a
quality tackle swelling inside know
without the arrogance let's find out
things Auggie what are you doing oh
that's good health right referee referee
behaved
[Music]
[Applause]
this game is so flawed I'm sure are you
fat lump of lard
don't jump over his leg danger I'd know
get injured we did I'll tell you yes yes
yes
all the way come on yes for two I'll get
in there well I thought the rental
Ratanak belt Ellie you absolute legend I
love it
yes yes all those are that such a cool
and collected finish oh come on no don't
let us as the top people but what are
you doing
look I've some change to a Bonner which
is not let me then I'll try an o2 eating
why is he slowing down so much
there's just three things absolutely no
reason for it it's just complete bull
won't be a piane yes come on come on
come on yes that has to be the wind
eighty one eighty gate that I don't know
8080 walked minute 81st minute
BB Ani the fat love has finally done it
for us oh my god biryani is better than
I expected you with me
no he's gonna score he's gonna score
bollocks well I'm putting myself now
let's please
why no yeah I didn't even need to score
another one I was doing about time
wasting and Balotelli's got the header
I've had to reassure the word about
three or four times oh my god I'm just
I'm worn out
he's the real legend not Pascal siegen
it soggy or any of this rubbish is
fricking about telling
that is the sweet sound of a legend
coming straight into my club so guys I
put this to growing up and it now has an
offer I'm now gonna have a look see if
we got a legend card accompanied by one
it
I really can't that's 450k there he's
going straight on the transfer list
because he was bollocks
however guys fair play to my opponent
for actually paying up after the game so
as I said before his name is list called
Croft might be like school Croft on one
tie-rod spinel said but check out his
channel down below
he has law students Oggy feel for him he
did not much chance let's be honest here
I hope you guys enjoyed the video as
always make sure to leave a like and
subscribe thanks for watching guys and I
shall see you later